PRIVACY POLICY:

This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when you use our Service. By using our application, you agree to the terms outlined in this policy.
Personal Information: We do not collect or share your personal information in any way. Any personally identifiable information you provide is retained on your device and is not collected by us.
Third-Party Services: Our app may use third-party services, including but not limited to 
[Google Play Services,AdMob,Google Analytics for Firebase,Firebase Crashlytics]. 

Please refer to the privacy policies of these third-party service providers for more details.

COLLECTION OF DATA:

while using our application, in order to provide features, we may collect, with your prior permission:

i.	pictures and other information from your device camera and photo library
ii.	email,Location,phone-no,wifi, we collect info, while generating any of these QR code types.

⦁	USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
As the data that is being provided by you to us , you must be aware that it will be used for improving the services for you. It will never be handed over to any other party it will be safe and sound and no any harm will be generated.
	It will be helpful in managing our services.

⦁	RETNTION OF PERSONAL DATA:
We make you sure about our privacy level that we will only preserve your personal data only for that period of time when we thought that you need to access some legal work and some more improvement in app is required.

⦁	LAW ENFORCEMENT AND LEGAL REQUIREMENTS: 
The company must be able to disclose your app and personal data only if some legal actions have been demanded by higher authorities.

⦁	CHILDREN'S PRIVACY:
The app is not for the use under age of 13 so the information that is being provided by the user must have parents' consent but if it comes to know to us by some other sources we must be able to disclose the access and we will not be responsible for your precious loss.

⦁	LINKS OF OTHER SITES:
In our app if any social media link come and you get to access to it you will automatically reach to that app or site ,we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit and we will not be responsible for that.these third party can get your  cookies and log data infomation like IP address,Device name,Operating system version.

CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY:
You must get updated day by day if any chgange related to privacy have been performed. As its necessay to update the app day by day for its better results for further ease and access. So we must sure that you will respect us and accept our changes with time to time in privacy. All the changes in privacy will be informed to you by the email or updated on the privacy policy page.

CONTACT US:
We must ensure that your feedback related to privacy policy means alot for us. If you have any querry feel free to contact us dirctly because your concern related to your personal data is your legal right and you may contact us at give email : appscafestudio@gmail.com

THANKS FOR USING THE APP
